Hello everyone, you are not 745
and today we will play sims 4
Deluxe Edition Note I installed downloaded
he downloads from this site sack
that is, a repack license arises here
question so who wants one can
read comments and in general even
food is how to install everything that is
The inscription on simply this mode which
goes assembly here that is well let's
see the last comment which
there is and the figure will be lazy that is to read
I can just watch and if you already have
rubber as a bug is not banned yes no
generally
I do not know not everything works and so in general
understood yes that is how to remove it
the problem of censorship win overnight stay
book test that is nothing to me
did not fly her gru so let's go
I will show you now
such file we fill dicks in each 10
daddy crack we need
throw on my case the games in sims
four
just throw three file replacements
file just in case disable antivirus
not because the friend is the most 390 pill
and then everyone here is also present a
General mode tried to write delete
put your old mode old
Generally deleted the new set the old without
update one stopped altogether
run very put new mode
also just in case just took that
we have games and added
origin add game
adding a personal collection add something
there is that label you want it here
for example on but I added that is
sims in general everyone let's go
check, that is , I have no problems
it did not arise here I just ran it
tried to run through bin
that's exactly cs4 lunch i didn't allow
so let's try cs4 to allow
what we will jump out with should be
open mode that is let's try
let's see how it will look like and
so the second thing we will do in the general game
it’s not like the usual cap
then 4
and what I did the first thing I just did
I took that is this file now to you
show games the sims 4 somewhere we shake
here are games
ben and here's the launcher
I just added it to the desktop
created a girl eg and just changed how
Here I changed the icon and everything and the second thing I do
made it added a third-party game the
sims 4 3dm is this source yet
give just try that is new
and let's say generally went then
run so since launch
so wait until this game is jam that is
and there were free gifts
which I accepted we are waiting
So
she started in general I for this
I ran it I want to tell you
that everything works no problems
there is a launch and requests that supposedly
need to purchase a record key I love on
mobile phone
so sorry for such a quality
picture of what is
both on
consider and how much so let's click on
play
play city management in general
resume play play i have created
character by quick to use by
I bought there is not housing plot dope.
long build no no interesting
so how do we see my character then
if you look, I can click
shift
f1 and we see we see my profile here
then the mode so don't show it to us again
I do not need that is agashka so one that is
origin so close and the mode in general but
not 745 so here I am
dude in general is a city for sims 4 in
general fan lovers I think this
really enjoy it great and in general
thank you all for watching subscribe
put likes